Update README.md (#11)
razee-io/Razee: README.md

<img src="images/razee_icon.png">

> [Razee](http://www.razee.io/) is an open-source project that was developed by IBM to automate and manage the deployment of Kubernetes resources across clusters, environments, and cloud providers, and to visualize deployment information for your aggregate resources so that you can monitor the rollout process and find possible deployment issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Razee](http://www.razee.io/) is an open-source project that was developed by IBM to automate and manage the deployment of Kubernetes resources across clusters, environments, and cloud providers, and to visualize deployment information for your multi-cluster resources so that you can monitor the rollout process and find potential deployment issues.
```

## Architecture overview

> Razee consists of two modules, RazeeDash and Kapitan, that are loosly coupled and that can be used independently. With RazeeDash,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Razee consists of two modules, RazeeDash and Kapitan, that are loosly coupled and can be used independently. With RazeeDash,
```

> you can create a live inventory of your real time resources; and use the powerful filter and alerting capabilities to visualize 

Reviewer: I think i like the original wording better.

configuration information and, if needed, troubleshoot issues in your deployments. Kapitan components simplify 
multi-cluster deployments by templatizing Kubernetes resources, grouping resources and clusters, and defining rules for these 

> groupings so that you can create a flexible configurations that can be enforced across clusters, environments, and clouds.

Reviewer: like original wording better.
